##Ethical Implications   
There are important ethical and professional responsibilities for engineers when creating applications. Especially when applications holds valuable and private information from the user. That’s why when building our email application, S-mail, it is our responsibility in providing a secure, confidential, and efficient means of communication between different users. Firstly, S-mail saves our user’s login information inside a database which allows the user to enter their email and password to allow access to a registered account. We are accountable for any incidents where the database is compromised, which is why we have implemented hash programming via werkzeug.security, so that any hackers who attempt to access the database only see the hash version of the user’s password. Another ethical and professional responsibility we must take on is that we must ensure that the messages sent between users are kept private. So no one with database access is allowed to stalk on users’ sent and received messages. A more professional responsibility we need to account for is to make sure that the app is well maintained to make sure the user has smooth usage of the app without it crashing, lagging, or bugging out.
Engineering solutions created by engineers have shifted the livelihood of humanity in many forms. From renewable energy to live-saving medical tools, the lists of current and upcoming innovations is limitless. With regards to our app, the ability to send messages over the Internet has impacted human lives globally, economically, environmentally, and socially. Globally, the idea of sending paper mail is becoming obsolete as digital mail is becoming more popular due to its efficiency. Digital mail economically impacts us as significantly fewer people need to buy stamps and paper since digital communication has become more cost-effective and less time-consuming compared to sending paper mail. And with the reduced usage of stamps and paper, digital mail contributes to helping the environment by reducing paper waste. With its speed and reliability, digital mail allows people to connect with each other better since there is no delay in communication like sending mail. Overall, engineers have created many innovations that have impacted the world in global, economic, environmental, and societal contexts. One of that innovations is digital mail.
